Name: Chicken Handi
Ingredients: 1.2 kg Chicken, 5 thinly sliced Onion, 2 finely chopped Tomatoes, 8 cloves chopped Garlic, 1 tbsp Ginger paste, ¼ cup Vegetable oil, 2 tsp Cumin seeds, 3 tsp Coriander seeds, 1 tsp Turmeric powder, 1 tsp Chilli powder, 2 Green chilli, 1 cup Yogurt, ¾ cup Cream, 3 tsp Dried fenugreek, 1 tsp Garam masala, To taste Salt
Instructions: Take a large pot or wok, big enough to cook all the chicken, and heat the oil in it. Once the oil is hot, add sliced onion and fry them until deep golden brown. Then take them out on a plate and set aside.
To the same pot, add the chopped garlic and sauté for a minute. Then add the chopped tomatoes and cook until tomatoes turn soft. This would take about 5 minutes.
Then return the fried onion to the pot and stir. Add ginger paste and sauté well.
Now add the cumin seeds, half of the coriander seeds and chopped green chillies. Give them a quick stir.
Next goes in the spices – turmeric powder and red chilli powder. Sauté the spices well for couple of minutes.
Add the chicken pieces to the wok, season it with salt to taste and cook the chicken covered on medium-low heat until the chicken is almost cooked through. This would take about 15 minutes. Slowly sautéing the chicken will enhance the flavor, so do not expedite this step by putting it on high heat.
When the oil separates from the spices, add the beaten yogurt keeping the heat on lowest so that the yogurt doesn’t split. Sprinkle the remaining coriander seeds and add half of the dried fenugreek leaves. Mix well.
Finally add the cream and give a final mix to combine everything well.
Sprinkle the remaining kasuri methi and garam masala and serve the chicken handi hot with naan or rotis. Enjoy!
---
Name: Chicken Congee
Ingredients: 8 oz Chicken, pinch Salt, pinch Pepper, 1 tsp Ginger Cordial, 1 tsp Ginger, 1 tbs Spring Onions, 1/2 cup Rice, 8 cups Water, 2 oz Coriander
Instructions: STEP 1 - MARINATING THE CHICKEN
In a bowl, add chicken, salt, white pepper, ginger juice and then mix it together well.
Set the chicken aside.
STEP 2 - RINSE THE WHITE RICE
Rinse the rice in a metal bowl or pot a couple times and then drain the water.
STEP 2 - BOILING THE WHITE RICE
Next add 8 cups of water and then set the stove on high heat until it is boiling. Once rice porridge starts to boil, set the stove on low heat and then stir it once every 8-10 minutes for around 20-25 minutes.
After 25 minutes, this is optional but you can add a little bit more water to make rice porridge to make it less thick or to your preference.
Next add the marinated chicken to the rice porridge and leave the stove on low heat for another 10 minutes.
After an additional 10 minutes add the green onions, sliced ginger, 1 pinch of salt, 1 pinch of white pepper and stir for 10 seconds.
Serve the rice porridge in a bowl
Optional: add Coriander on top of the rice porridge.
---
Name: Chicken Karaage
Ingredients: 450 grams Boneless skin Chicken, 1 tablespoon Ginger, 1 clove Garlic, 2 tablespoons Soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Sake, 2 teaspoon Granulated sugar, 1/3 cup Potato starch, 1/3 cup Vegetable oil, 1/3 cup Lemon
Instructions: Add the ginger, garlic, soy sauce, sake and sugar to a bowl and whisk to combine. Add the chicken, then stir to coat evenly. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.

Add 1 inch of vegetable oil to a heavy bottomed pot and heat until the oil reaches 360 degrees F. Line a wire rack with 2 sheets of paper towels and get your tongs out. Put the potato starch in a bowl

Add a handful of chicken to the potato starch and toss to coat each piece evenly.

Fry the karaage in batches until the exterior is a medium brown and the chicken is cooked through. Transfer the fried chicken to the paper towel lined rack. If you want the karaage to stay crispy longer, you can fry the chicken a second time, until it's a darker color after it's cooled off once. Serve with lemon wedges.
---
Name: Chicken Marengo
Ingredients: 1 tbs Olive Oil, 300g Mushrooms, 4 Chicken Legs, 500g Passata, 1 Chicken Stock Cube, 100g Black Olives, Chopped Parsley
Instructions: Heat the oil in a large flameproof casserole dish and stir-fry the mushrooms until they start to soften. Add the chicken legs and cook briefly on each side to colour them a little.
Pour in the passata, crumble in the stock cube and stir in the olives. Season with black pepper – you shouldn’t need salt. Cover and simmer for 40 mins until the chicken is tender. Sprinkle with parsley and serve with pasta and a salad, or mash and green veg, if you like.
---
Name: Tandoori chicken
Ingredients: 2 Juice lemons, 4 tsp paprika, 2 finely chopped red onions, 16 skinnless chicken thighs, For brushing vegetable oil, 300ml Greek yogurt, large piece ginger, 4 garlic clove, ¾ tsp garam masala, ¾ tsp ground cumin, ½ tsp chilli powder, ¼ tsp turmeric
Instructions: Mix the lemon juice with the paprika and red onions in a large shallow dish. Slash each chicken thigh three times, then turn them in the juice and set aside for 10 mins.
Mix all of the marinade ingredients together and pour over the chicken. Give everything a good mix, then cover and chill for at least 1 hr. This can be done up to a day in advance.
Heat the grill. Lift the chicken pieces onto a rack over a baking tray. Brush over a little oil and grill for 8 mins on each side or until lightly charred and completely cooked through.
---
Name: Chicken Couscous
Ingredients: 1 tbsp Olive Oil, 1 chopped Onion, 200g Chicken Breast, pinch Ginger, 2 tblsp Harissa Spice, 10 Dried Apricots, 220g Chickpeas, 200g Couscous, 200ml Chicken Stock, Handful Coriander
Instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large frying pan and cook the onion for 1-2 mins just until softened. Add the chicken and fry for 7-10 mins until cooked through and the onions have turned golden. Grate over the ginger, stir through the harissa to coat everything and cook for 1 min more.

Tip in the apricots, chickpeas and couscous, then pour over the stock and stir once. Cover with a lid or tightly cover the pan with foil and leave for about 5 mins until the couscous has soaked up all the stock and is soft. Fluff up the couscous with a fork and scatter over the coriander to serve. Serve with extra harissa, if you like.
---
Name: Kung Pao Chicken
Ingredients: 2 tbs Sake, 2 tbs Soy Sauce, 2 tbs Sesame Seed Oil, 2 tbs Corn Flour, 2 tbs Water, 500g Chicken, 1 tbs Chilli Powder, 1 tsp Rice Vinegar, 1 tbs Brown Sugar, 4 Chopped Spring Onions, 6 cloves Garlic Clove, 220g Water Chestnut, 100g Peanuts
Instructions: Combine the sake or rice wine, soy sauce, sesame oil and cornflour dissolved in water. Divide mixture in half.
In a glass dish or bowl, combine half of the sake mixture with the chicken pieces and toss to coat. Cover dish and place in refrigerator for about 30 minutes.
In a medium frying pan, combine remaining sake mixture, chillies, vinegar and sugar. Mix together and add spring onion, garlic, water chestnuts and peanuts. Heat sauce slowly over medium heat until aromatic.
Meanwhile, remove chicken from marinade and sauté in a large frying pan until juices run clear. When sauce is aromatic, add sautéed chicken and let simmer together until sauce thickens.
---
Name: Chicken Basquaise
Ingredients: 1.5kg Chicken, 25g Butter, 6 tblsp Olive Oil, 2 sliced Red Onions, 3 Large Red Pepper, 130g Chorizo, 8 Sun-Dried Tomatoes, 6 cloves sliced Garlic, 300g Basmati Rice, drizzle Tomato Puree, ½ tsp Paprika, 4 Bay Leaves, Handful Thyme, 350ml Chicken Stock, 180g Dry White Wine, 2 Lemons, 100g Black Olives, to serve Salt, to serve Pepper
Instructions: Preheat the oven to 180°C/Gas mark 4. Have the chicken joints ready to cook. Heat the butter and 3 tbsp olive oil in a flameproof casserole or large frying pan. Brown the chicken pieces in batches on both sides, seasoning them with salt and pepper as you go. Don't crowd the pan - fry the chicken in small batches, removing the pieces to kitchen paper as they are done.

Add a little more olive oil to the casserole and fry the onions over a medium heat for 10 minutes, stirring frequently, until softened but not browned. Add the rest of the oil, then the peppers and cook for another 5 minutes.

Add the chorizo, sun-dried tomatoes and garlic and cook for 2-3 minutes. Add the rice, stirring to ensure it is well coated in the oil. Stir in the tomato paste, paprika, bay leaves and chopped thyme. Pour in the stock and wine. When the liquid starts to bubble, turn the heat down to a gentle simmer. Press the rice down into the liquid if it isn't already submerged and place the chicken on top. Add the lemon wedges and olives around the chicken.

Cover and cook in the oven for 50 minutes. The rice should be cooked but still have some bite, and the chicken should have juices that run clear when pierced in the thickest part with a knife. If not, cook for another 5 minutes and check again.
---
Name: Chicken Parmentier
Ingredients: 1.5kg Potatoes, 30g Butter, 5 tblsp Double Cream, 2 Egg Yolks, 30g Butter, 7 Shallots, 3 chopped Carrots, 2 sticks Celery, 1 finely chopped Garlic Clove, 4 tbsp White Wine, 1 tbls Tomato Puree, 400g Tinned Tomatos, 350ml Chicken Stock, 600g Chicken, 16 Black Olives, 2 tbs Parsley, 50g Gruyere cheese
Instructions: For the topping, boil the potatoes in salted water until tender. Drain and push through a potato ricer, or mash thoroughly. Stir in the butter, cream and egg yolks. Season and set aside.
For the filling, melt the butter in a large pan. Add the shallots, carrots and celery and gently fry until soft, then add the garlic. Pour in the wine and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the tomato purée, chopped tomatoes and stock and cook for 10–15 minutes, until thickened. Add the shredded chicken, olives and parsley. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Preheat the oven to 180C/160C Fan/Gas 4.
Put the filling in a 20x30cm/8x12in ovenproof dish and top with the mashed potato. Grate over the Gruyère. Bake for 30–35 minutes, until piping hot and the potato is golden-brown.
---
Name: Brown Stew Chicken
Ingredients: 1 whole Chicken, 1 chopped Tomato, 2 chopped Onions, 2 chopped Garlic Clove, 1 chopped Red Pepper, 1 chopped Carrots, 1 Lime, 2 tsp Thyme, 1 tsp Allspice, 2 tbs Soy Sauce, 2 tsp Cornstarch, 2 cups Coconut Milk, 1 tbs Vegetable Oil
Instructions: Squeeze lime over chicken and rub well. Drain off excess lime juice.
Combine tomato, scallion, onion, garlic, pepper, thyme, pimento and soy sauce in a large bowl with the chicken pieces. Cover and marinate at least one hour.
Heat oil in a dutch pot or large saucepan. Shake off the seasonings as you remove each piece of chicken from the marinade. Reserve the marinade for sauce.
Lightly brown the chicken a few pieces at a time in very hot oil. Place browned chicken pieces on a plate to rest while you brown the remaining pieces.
Drain off excess oil and return the chicken to the pan. Pour the marinade over the chicken and add the carrots. Stir and cook over medium heat for 10 minutes.
Mix flour and coconut milk and add to stew, stirring constantly. Turn heat down to minimum and cook another 20 minutes or until tender.
---
Name: Katsu Chicken curry
Ingredients: 4 pounded to 1cm thickness chicken breast, 2 tablespoons plain flour, 1 beaten egg, 100g fine breadcrumbs, 230ml frying vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons sunflower oil, 2 sliced onions, 5 chopped cloves garlic, 2 sliced carrot, 2 tablespoons plain flour, 4 teaspoons curry powder, 600ml chicken stock, 2 teaspoons honey, 4 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon garam masala
Instructions: Prep:15min  ›  Cook:30min  ›  Ready in:45min 

For the curry sauce: Heat oil in medium non-stick saucepan, add onion and garlic and cook until softened. Stir in carrots and cook over low heat for 10 to 12 minutes.
Add flour and curry powder; cook for 1 minute. Gradually stir in stock until combined; add honey, soy sauce and bay leaf. Slowly bring to the boil.
Turn down heat and simmer for 20 minutes or until sauce thickens but is still of pouring consistency. Stir in garam masala. Pour the curry sauce through a sieve; return to saucepan and keep on low heat until ready to serve.
For the chicken: Season both sides of chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Place flour, egg and breadcrumbs in separate bowls and arrange in a row. Coat the chicken breasts in flour, then dip them into the egg, then coat in breadcrumbs, making sure you cover both sides.
Heat oil in large frying pan over medium-high heat. Place chicken into hot oil and cook until golden brown, about 3 or 4 minutes each side. Once cooked, place on kitchen paper to absorb excess oil.
Pour curry sauce over chicken, serve with white rice and enjoy!
---
Name: Nutty Chicken Curry
Ingredients: 1 large Red Chilli, 0.5 Ginger, 1 large Garlic, Bunch Coriander, 1 tbsp Sunflower Oil, 4 Chicken Breasts, 5 tblsp Peanut Butter, 150ml Chicken Stock, 200g Greek Yogurt
Instructions: Finely slice a quarter of the chilli, then put the rest in a food processor with the ginger, garlic, coriander stalks and one-third of the leaves. Whizz to a rough paste with a splash of water if needed.
Heat the oil in a frying pan, then quickly brown the chicken chunks for 1 min. Stir in the paste for another min, then add the peanut butter, stock and yogurt. When the sauce is gently bubbling, cook for 10 mins until the chicken is just cooked through and sauce thickened. Stir in most of the remaining coriander, then scatter the rest on top with the chilli, if using. Eat with rice or mashed sweet potato.
---
Name: General Tsos Chicken
Ingredients: 1 1/2 Chicken Breast, 3/4 cup Plain Flour, 1 Egg, 2 tbs Starch, 1 tbs Baking Powder, 1 tsp Salt, 1/2 tsp Onion Salt, 1/4 tsp Garlic Powder, 3/4 cup Water, 1/2 cup Chicken Stock, 1/4 cup Duck Sauce, 3 tbs Soy Sauce, 2 tbs Honey, 1 tbs Rice Vinegar, 2 tbs Sesame Seed Oil, 1/2 tbs Gochujang, 2 tbs Starch, 1 clove Garlic, 2 chopped Spring Onions, 1 tsp Ginger
Instructions: DIRECTIONS:
STEP 1 - SAUCE
In a bowl, add 2 Cups of water, 2 Tablespoon soy sauce, 2 Tablespoon white vinegar, sherry cooking wine, 1/4 Teaspoon white pepper, minced ginger, minced garlic, hot pepper, ketchup, hoisin sauce, and sugar.
Mix together well and set aside.
STEP 2 - MARINATING THE CHICKEN
In a bowl, add the chicken, 1 pinch of salt, 1 pinch of white pepper, 2 egg whites, and 3 Tablespoon of corn starch
STEP 3 - DEEP FRY THE CHICKEN
Deep fry the chicken at 350 degrees for 3-4 minutes or until it is golden brown and loosen up the chicken so that they don't stick together.
Set the chicken aside.
STEP 4 - STIR FRY
Add the sauce to the wok and then the broccoli and wait until it is boiling.
To thicken the sauce, whisk together 2 Tablespoon of cornstarch and 4 Tablespoon of water in a bowl and slowly add to your stir-fry until it's the right thickness.
Next add in the chicken and stir-fry for a minute and serve on a plate
---
Name: Kentucky Fried Chicken
Ingredients: 1 whole Chicken, 2 quarts neutral frying Oil, 1 Egg White, 1 1/2 cups Flour, 1 tablespoon Brown Sugar, 1 tablespoon Salt, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 teaspoons onion salt, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon celery salt, 1/2 teaspoon sage, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/2 teaspoon allspice, 1/2 teaspoon oregano, 1/2 teaspoon basil, 1/2 teaspoon marjoram
Instructions: Preheat fryer to 350°F. Thoroughly mix together all the spice mix ingredients.
Combine spice mix with flour, brown sugar and salt.
Dip chicken pieces in egg white to lightly coat them, then transfer to flour mixture. Turn a few times and make sure the flour mix is really stuck to the chicken. Repeat with all the chicken pieces.
Let chicken pieces rest for 5 minutes so crust has a chance to dry a bit.
Fry chicken in batches. Breasts and wings should take 12-14 minutes, and legs and thighs will need a few more minutes. Chicken pieces are done when a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part reads 165°F.
Let chicken drain on a few paper towels when it comes out of the fryer. Serve hot.
---
Name: Chicken Ham and Leek Pie
Ingredients: 450ml Chicken Stock, 3 Chicken Breast, 75g Butter, 2 sliced Leek, 2 cloves minced Garlic, 50g Plain Flour, 200ml Milk, 3 tbs White Wine, 150ml Double Cream, 150g Ham, spinkling Sea Salt, pinch Pepper, 350g Plain Flour, 200g Butter, 1 Free-range Egg, Beaten, 1 tbls Cold Water, 1 Free-range Egg, Beaten
Instructions: Heat the chicken stock in a lidded saucepan. Add the chicken breast and bring to a low simmer. Cover with a lid and cook for 10 minutes. Remove the chicken breasts from the water with tongs and place on a plate. Pour the cooking liquor into a large jug.
Melt 25g/1oz of the butter in a large heavy-based saucepan over a low heat. Stir in the leeks and fry gently for two minutes, stirring occasionally until just softened. Add the garlic and cook for a further minute. Add the remaining butter and stir in the flour as soon as the butter has melted. Cook for 30 seconds, stirring constantly.
Slowly pour the milk into the pan, just a little at a time, stirring well between each adding. Gradually add 250ml/10fl oz of the reserved stock and the wine, if using, stirring until the sauce is smooth and thickened slightly. Bring to a gentle simmer and cook for 3 minutes.
Season the mixture, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Remove from the heat and stir in the cream. Pour into a large bowl and cover the surface of the sauce with cling ilm to prevent a skin forming. Set aside to cool.
Preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6. Put a baking tray in the oven to heat.
For the pastry, put the flour and butter in a food processor and blend on the pulse setting until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. With the motor running, add the beaten egg and water and blend until the mixture forms a ball. Portion off 250g/10oz of pastry for the lid.
Roll the remaining pastry out on a lightly floured surface, turning the pastry frequently until around 5mm/¼in thick and 4cm/1½in larger than the pie dish. Lift the pastry over the rolling pin and place it gently into the pie dish. Press the pastry firmly up the sides, making sure there are no air bubbles. Leave the excess pastry overhanging the sides.
Cut the chicken breasts into 3cm/1¼in pieces. Stir the chicken, ham and leeks into the cooled sauce. Pour the chicken filling into the pie dish. Brush the rim of the dish with beaten egg. Roll out the reserved pastry for the lid.
Cover the pie with the pastry lid and press the edges together firmly to seal. Trim any excess pastry.
Make a small hole in the centre of the pie with the tip of a knife. Glaze the top of the pie with beaten egg. Bake on the preheated tray in the centre of the oven for 35-40 minutes or until the pie is golden-brown all over and the filling is piping hot.
---
Name: Chicken Alfredo Primavera
Ingredients: 2 tablespoons Butter, 3 tablespoons Olive Oil, 5 boneless Chicken, 1 teaspoon Salt, 1 cut into 1/2-inch cubes Squash, 1 Head chopped Broccoli, 8-ounce sliced mushrooms, 1 red Pepper, 1 chopped onion, 3 cloves garlic, 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1/2 cup white wine, 1/2 cup milk, 1/2 cup heavy cream, 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 16 ounces bowtie pasta, pinch Salt, pinch Pepper, chopped Parsley
Instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of butter and 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Season both sides of each chicken breast with seasoned salt and a pinch of pepper. Add the chicken to the skillet and cook for 5-7 minutes on each side, or until cooked through.  While the chicken is cooking, bring a large pot of water to a boil. Season the boiling water with a few generous pinches of kosher salt. Add the pasta and give it a stir. Cook, stirring occasionally, until al dente, about 12 minutes. Reserve 1/2 cup of  pasta water before draining the pasta.  Remove the chicken from the pan and transfer it to a cutting board; allow it to rest. Turn the heat down to medium and dd the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter and olive oil to the same pan you used to cook the chicken. Add the veggies (minus the garlic) and red pepper flakes to the pan and stir to coat with the oil and butter (refrain from seasoning with salt until the veggies are finished browning). Cook, stirring often, until the veggies are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and a generous pinch of salt and pepper to the pan and cook for 1 minute.  Deglaze the pan with the white wine. Continue to cook until the wine has reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Stir in the milk, heavy cream, and reserved pasta water. Bring the mixture to a gentle boil and allow to simmer and reduce for 2-3 minutes. Turn off the heat and add the Parmesan cheese and cooked pasta. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Garnish with Parmesan cheese and chopped parsley, if desired. 
---
Name: Chicken & mushroom Hotpot
Ingredients: 50g Butter, 1 chopped Onion, 100g Mushrooms, 40g Plain Flour, 1 Chicken Stock Cube, pinch Nutmeg, pinch Mustard Powder, 250g Chicken, 2 Handfuls Sweetcorn, 2 large Potatoes, 1 knob Butter
Instructions: Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6. Put the butter in a medium-size saucepan and place over a medium heat. Add the onion and leave to cook for 5 mins, stirring occasionally. Add the mushrooms to the saucepan with the onions.

Once the onion and mushrooms are almost cooked, stir in the flour – this will make a thick paste called a roux. If you are using a stock cube, crumble the cube into the roux now and stir well. Put the roux over a low heat and stir continuously for 2 mins – this will cook the flour and stop the sauce from having a floury taste.

Take the roux off the heat. Slowly add the fresh stock, if using, or pour in 500ml water if you’ve used a stock cube, stirring all the time. Once all the liquid has been added, season with pepper, a pinch of nutmeg and mustard powder. Put the saucepan back onto a medium heat and slowly bring it to the boil, stirring all the time. Once the sauce has thickened, place on a very low heat. Add the cooked chicken and vegetables to the sauce and stir well. Grease a medium-size ovenproof pie dish with a little butter and pour in the chicken and mushroom filling.

Carefully lay the potatoes on top of the hot-pot filling, overlapping them slightly, almost like a pie top.

Brush the potatoes with a little melted butter and cook in the oven for about 35 mins. The hot-pot is ready once the potatoes are cooked and golden brown.
---
Name: Teriyaki Chicken Casserole
Ingredients: 3/4 cup soy sauce, 1/2 cup water, 1/4 cup brown sugar, 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger, 1/2 teaspoon minced garlic, 4 Tablespoons cornstarch, 2 chicken breasts, 1 (12 oz.) stir-fry vegetables, 3 cups brown rice
Instructions: Preheat oven to 350° F. Spray a 9x13-inch baking pan with non-stick spray.
Combine soy sauce, ½ cup water, brown sugar, ginger and garlic in a small saucepan and cover. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Remove lid and cook for one minute once boiling.
Meanwhile, stir together the corn starch and 2 tablespoons of water in a separate dish until smooth. Once sauce is boiling, add mixture to the saucepan and stir to combine. Cook until the sauce starts to thicken then remove from heat.
Place the chicken breasts in the prepared pan. Pour one cup of the sauce over top of chicken. Place chicken in oven and bake 35 minutes or until cooked through. Remove from oven and shred chicken in the dish using two forks.
*Meanwhile, steam or cook the vegetables according to package directions.
Add the cooked vegetables and rice to the casserole dish with the chicken. Add most of the remaining sauce, reserving a bit to drizzle over the top when serving. Gently toss everything together in the casserole dish until combined. Return to oven and cook 15 minutes. Remove from oven and let stand 5 minutes before serving. Drizzle each serving with remaining sauce. Enjoy!
---
Name: Potato Gratin with Chicken
Ingredients: 800g Potatoes, 3 Onions, 2 tblsp Olive Oil, 100ml Chicken Stock, 1 pot Creme Fraiche, Topping Parmesan, 4 Chicken Breasts, 4 Bacon, Topping Spinach, Topping Peas
Instructions: 15 minute potato gratin with chicken and bacon greens: a gratin always seems more effort and more indulgent than ordinary boiled or roasts, but it doesn't have to take 45mins, it's nice for a change and you can control the calorie content by going with full fat to low fat creme fraiche. (It's always tastes better full fat though obviously!) to serve 4: use 800g of potatoes, finely slice and boil in a pan for about 5-8 mins till firmish, not soft. Finely slice 3 onions and place in an oven dish with 2 tblsp of olive oil and 100ml of chicken stock. Cook till the onions are soft then drain the potatoes and pour onto the onions. Season and spoon over cream or creme fraiche till all is covered but not swimming. Grate Parmesan over the top then finish under the grill till nicely golden. serve with chicken and bacon, peas and spinach.
---
Name: Piri-piri chicken and slaw
Ingredients: 1.5kg Chicken, 3 chopped Red Chilli, 2 cloves Garlic, 1 tsp Ginger, 1 tsp Dried Oregano, 1 tsp Coriander, 1 tsp Paprika, 2 tbs Red Wine Vinegar, 2 tbs Oil, 1 sliced Red Onions, 2 Carrots, 1 Beetroot, 4 leaves Cabbage, 2 tbs Mayonnaise, 2 tbs Greek Yogurt, 2 tbs Red Wine Vinegar, 1 tsp Cumin Seeds
Instructions: STEP 1

Whizz together all of the marinade ingredients in a small food processor. Rub the marinade onto the chicken and leave for 1 hour at room temperature.

STEP 2

Heat the oven to 190C/fan 170C/gas 5. Put the chicken in a roasting tray and cook for 1 hour 20 minutes. Rest under loose foil for 20 minutes. While the chicken is resting, mix together the slaw ingredients and season. Serve the chicken with slaw, fries and condiments.
---
Name: Chicken Quinoa Greek Salad
Ingredients: 225g Quinoa, 25g Butter, 1 chopped Red Chilli, 1 clove finely chopped Garlic, 400g Chicken Breast, 2 tbs Olive Oil, Handful Black Olives, 1 chopped Red Onions, 100g Feta, Chopped Mint, Juice of 1/2 Lemon
Instructions: Cook the quinoa following the pack instructions, then rinse in cold water and drain thoroughly.

Meanwhile, mix the butter, chilli and garlic into a paste. Toss the chicken fillets in 2 tsp of the olive oil with some seasoning. Lay in a hot griddle pan and cook for 3-4 mins each side or until cooked through. Transfer to a plate, dot with the spicy butter and set aside to melt.

Next, tip the tomatoes, olives, onion, feta and mint into a bowl. Toss in the cooked quinoa. Stir through the remaining olive oil, lemon juice and zest, and season well. Serve with the chicken fillets on top, drizzled with any buttery chicken juices.
---
Name: Chicken Enchilada Casserole
Ingredients: 14 oz jar Enchilada sauce, 3 Cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 6 corn tortillas, 2 chicken breasts
Instructions: Cut each chicken breast in about 3 pieces, so that it cooks faster and put it in a small pot. Pour Enchilada sauce over it and cook covered on low to medium heat until chicken is cooked through, about 20 minutes. No water is needed, the chicken will cook in the Enchilada sauce. Make sure you stir occasionally so that it doesn't stick to the bottom.
Remove chicken from the pot and shred with two forks.
Preheat oven to 375 F degrees.
Start layering the casserole. Start with about ¼ cup of the leftover Enchilada sauce over the bottom of a baking dish. I used a longer baking dish, so that I can put 2 corn tortillas across. Place 2 tortillas on the bottom, top with ⅓ of the chicken and ⅓ of the remaining sauce. Sprinkle with ⅓ of the cheese and repeat starting with 2 more tortillas, then chicken, sauce, cheese. Repeat with last layer with the remaining ingredients, tortillas, chicken, sauce and cheese.
Bake for 20 to 30 minutes uncovered, until bubbly and cheese has melted and started to brown on top.
Serve warm.
---
Name: Rosol (Polish Chicken Soup)
Ingredients: 4 Chopped Chicken Legs, 2 large Onions, 5 chopped Carrots, 1 chopped Leek, 1 small Celery, 1/4 Cabbage, 1 whole Cloves, 1tsp Allspice, 2 Bay Leaf, 4 sprigs Parsley, 4 sprigs Dill, 1 tsp Pepper, 1 tbs Salt
Instructions: Add chicken to a large Dutch oven or stock pot 
Cover with water
Bring to a boil and simmer for 2 to 2 1/2 hours, skimming any impurities off the top to insure a clear broth
If your pot is big enough, add the vegetables and spices for the last hour of the cooking time
My Dutch oven wasn’t big enough to hold everything, just the chicken and other bones filled the pot, so I cooked the meat/bones for the full cooking time, then removed them, and cooked the vegetables and spices separately
Strain everything out of the broth
Bone the chicken, pulling the meat into large chunks
Slice the carrots
Return the chicken and carrots to the broth
Cook noodles according to package instructions if you’re using them
Add noodles to bowl and then top with hot soup
---
Name: Chicken Fajita Mac and Cheese
Ingredients: 500g macaroni, 2 cups chicken stock, 1/2 cup heavy cream, 1 packet fajita seasoning, 1 tsp salt, 3 diced chicken breast, 2 tbsp olive oil, 1 small finely diced onion, 2 finely diced red pepper, 2 cloves minced garlic, 1 cup cheddar cheese, garnish chopped parsley
Instructions: Fry your onion, peppers and garlic in olive oil until nicely translucent. Make a well in your veg and add your chicken. Add your seasoning and salt. Allow to colour slightly.
Add your cream, stock and macaroni.
Cook on low for 20 minutes. Add your cheeses, stir to combine.
Top with roasted peppers and parsley.
---
Name: Crock Pot Chicken Baked Tacos
Ingredients: 4 - 6 Chicken Breasts, 1 bottle Vinaigrette Dressing, 1½ tablespoon Cumin, 1 tablespoon Smoked Paprika, 1 teaspoon Garlic, 1 can Refried Beans, 12 Hard Taco Shells, 2 cups Shredded Mexican Cheese, Halved Grape Tomatoes, Sliced and Seeded Jalapeno, Peeled and Sliced Avocado, 2 tablespoons Green Salsa, 3 tablespoons Sour Cream, 1 tablespoon Milk
Instructions: Put the uncooked chicken breasts in the crock pot. Pour the full bottle of salad dressing over the chicken. Sprinkle the rest of the ingredients over the top and mix them in a bit with a spoon.
Cover your crock pot with the lid and cook on high for 4 hours.
Remove all the chicken breasts from the crock pot and let cool.
Shred the chicken breasts and move to a glass bowl.
Pour most of the liquid over the shredded chicken.
FOR THE TACOS:
Make the guacamole sauce by mixing the avocado and green salsa together. Pour the guacamole mixture through a strainer until smooth and transfer to a squeeze bottle. Cut the tip off the lid of the squeeze bottle to make the opening more wide if needed.
Make the sour cream sauce by mixing the sour cream and milk together until you get a more liquid sour cream sauce. Transfer to a squeeze bottle.
In a 9x 13 glass baking dish, fill all 12+ tacos with a layer of refried beans, cooked chicken and shredded cheese.
Bake at 450 for 10-15 minutes just until the cheese is melted and bubbling.
Out of the oven top all the tacos with the sliced grape tomaotes, jalapeno and cilantro.
Finish with a drizzle of guacamole and sour cream.
Enjoy!
---
